jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/EN/OpenWnnEngineEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.OpenWnnEngineEN
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/CandidateTextView.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.CandidateTextView
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/BuildConfig.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.BuildConfig
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnn.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnn
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/DefaultSoftKeyboard.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.DefaultSoftKeyboard
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.DefaultSoftKeyboard$1
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnDictionaryImplJni.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnDictionaryImplJni
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/Keyboard.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.Keyboard
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.Keyboard$Key
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.Keyboard$Row
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/RomkanHalfKatakana.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.RomkanHalfKatakana
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.RomkanHalfKatakana$1
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/OpenWnnClauseConverterJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.OpenWnnClauseConverterJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/UserDictionaryToolsListFocus.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsListFocus
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/KeyboardView.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyboardView
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyboardView$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyboardView$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyboardView$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyboardView$OnKeyboardActionListener
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyboardView$SwipeTracker
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/ClearLearnDictionaryDialogPreferenceJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.ClearLearnDictionaryDialogPreferenceJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/SymbolList.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.SymbolList
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/KeyAction.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.KeyAction
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/CandidatesViewManager.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.CandidatesViewManager
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnJAJP
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnJAJP$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnJAJP$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnJAJP$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnJAJP$EngineState
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/Romkan.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.Romkan
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.Romkan$1
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/UserDictionaryToolsEdit.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsEdit
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsEdit$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsEdit$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsEdit$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsEdit$4
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsEdit$5
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/EN/ClearUserDictionaryDialogPreferenceEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.ClearUserDictionaryDialogPreferenceEN
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/WnnEngine.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.WnnEngine
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/StrSegmentClause.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.StrSegmentClause
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnDictionaryImpl.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnDictionaryImpl
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnEN
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnEN$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnEN$2
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/KeyboardListPreferenceJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KeyboardListPreferenceJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnEvent.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnEvent
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnEvent$Mode
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/UserDictionaryToolsListJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.UserDictionaryToolsListJAJP
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.UserDictionaryToolsListJAJP$ListComparatorJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/EN/TutorialEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.TutorialEN
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.TutorialEN$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.TutorialEN$Bubble
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.TutorialEN$Bubble$1
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/EN/DefaultSoftKeyboardEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.DefaultSoftKeyboardEN
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnSQLiteOpenHelper.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnSQLiteOpenHelper
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/TextCandidates1LineViewManager.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$10
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$4
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$5
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$6
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$7
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$8
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidates1LineViewManager$9
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/EN/UserDictionaryToolsEditEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.UserDictionaryToolsEditEN
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP$4
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP$5
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.DefaultSoftKeyboardJAJP$6
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/ClearUserDictionaryDialogPreferenceJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.ClearUserDictionaryDialogPreferenceJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/WnnPOS.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.WnnPOS
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/CandidateViewButton.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.CandidateViewButton
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/EN/UserDictionaryToolsListEN.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.UserDictionaryToolsListEN
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.EN.UserDictionaryToolsListEN$ListComparatorEN
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/UserDictionaryToolsList.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsList
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsList$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsList$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsList$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.UserDictionaryToolsList$4
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/TutorialJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.TutorialJAJP
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.TutorialJAJP$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.TutorialJAJP$Bubble
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.TutorialJAJP$Bubble$1
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/TextCandidatesViewManager.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$10
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$4
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$5
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$6
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$7
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$8
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.TextCandidatesViewManager$9
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/WnnClause.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.WnnClause
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/OpenWnnEngineJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.OpenWnnEngineJAJP
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.OpenWnnEngineJAJP$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.OpenWnnEngineJAJP$WnnWordComparator
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/WnnSentence.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.WnnSentence
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/UserDictionaryToolsEditJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.UserDictionaryToolsEditJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/WnnDictionary.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.WnnDictionary
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/CandidateFilter.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.CandidateFilter
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/BaseInputView.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.BaseInputView
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/WnnWord.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.WnnWord
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/LetterConverter.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.LetterConverter
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/ComposingText.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.ComposingText
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/KanaConverter.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$1
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$2
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$3
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$4
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$5
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$6
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.KanaConverter$7
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/InputViewManager.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.InputViewManager
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/JAJP/RomkanFullKatakana.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.RomkanFullKatakana
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.JAJP.RomkanFullKatakana$1
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/OpenWnnControlPanelJAJP.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.OpenWnnControlPanelJAJP
jp/co/omronsoft/openwnn/StrSegment.java
 jp.co.omronsoft.openwnn.StrSegment
